you know this probably happens to
everyone all the time they're sitting
there making a YouTube video pretending
to play a video game for b-roll and
though the wire gets caught on something
I'm like you know what just screw this I
hate it all
fortunately the solution arrived today
this is a special care package for love
taken look at this special care package
from Logitech that includes their new
g9o 3 and g7o 3 mice and perhaps more
importantly because this is Canada after
all it includes what Logitech is calling
the power play but it's not a hockey
power play it's totally different with
the power play these wireless mice can
be used indefinitely without ever
plugging them in I was going to say holy
but I got distracted because
they're making
[Music]
Brow's privately and securely with
tunnel there the simple VPN app try
tunnel bear for free at the link in the
video description so step number one
would be to decide which mouth I'm going
to use that's pretty simple this one is
a hundred dollars and this one is a
hundred and fifty dollars so I'm going
to use the more expensive one because
that's how you know you get the best
stuff you just get the one that's more
expensive then I need to set up the
wireless charging power play we've got
all our cables and dongles and pucks and
mice and everything on box we're going
to take off the packaging here now to be
clear the plan is to follow this up with
a full more in-depth review but today
was all about wanting to see this in
action because this isn't the first time
that wireless charging has been brought
to market I mean inform factors like
this this is this is just a phone
backing this is not a real wireless
charging case but inform factors like
this you could get like phone wireless
charging docks but there's a bit of a
problem right because a you have to
position them like just right and then
you get the icon and it starts charging
it's kind of a pain in the butt and B I
mean can you imagine having something
that size you know under you know
obviously not that's stupid and while
this isn't even the first time that
we've seen a company talk about wireless
charging for a mouse this is the first
time it's been turned into a real
product something that you can actually
okay not order today but you can
pre-order today so our kit actually came
with three of these cables this is
actually kind of neat because the
powerplay actually uses the same
microUSB cables as logitech wireless
mice so you plug that in and three
things happen boom RGB lighting that's
number one most important number two
is yes so under that mousepad under that
mousepad
right there the powerplay mousing
surface gets activated you can actually
see some of the circuitry down there and
number three is it actually eliminates
the need for your wireless mouse dongle
that's what's really cool about this
unlike other wireless charging solutions
the powerplay managed to fit into a 2
millimeter thin form factor and it's got
other advantages as well so
theoretically over pretty much the
entire surface here you are going to get
not like a full-fledged you know one amp
or 2 amp charge like you might be able
to with a like a phone charger or
something like that
but you're going to be able to power up
the mouse including all its RGB lighting
and high performance wireless interface
so these mic both of them are actually
higher performing than many of logitech
competitors wired mice in terms of the
time to click to the time that an action
takes place on screen we've seen this in
their lab and we've seen this at tech
shows but also all their RGB effects and
all of that bullcrap so let's go ahead
and throw one of these mouse pads the
Logitech actually ships it with a couple
of options they've got one of their hard
pads and they've got one of their soft
pads here so I'm going to use the soft
pad because that's my personal
preference they've only validated the
technology with their mouth pads but
theoretically there's no real reason why
it couldn't work with some other random
mouse pad as long as it's the right size
oh yeah and there's another important
piece that you need so this is a tech
that Logitech says they're going to
support moving forward so you just press
that in and pop this out but all you've
got to do is take the power play puck
which uses magnets and a couple of
contact points here it's oriented like
that for your convenience plug that in
and give you this pairing lhasa yo did
you open it I told you this was for me
to open okay first of all I don't have
anything else
hey no defense no defense whatsoever IDI
couldn't keep his grubby fingers off of
this and you're a big G 403 fanboy so
you paired it with the 703 didn't you
yes it is not explained so I didn't work
all right well thanks Edie
so the pairing process is supposed to be
out of the box as simple as plugging in
the pad whereupon it will enter a
pairing mode instead of being RGB
cycling and then you just pop the
powerplay in flip on the mouse and boom
you should be instantly paired and
enjoying your complete and utter
wireless freedom for that that was the
experience we were supposed to have egg
next step then I guess is to grab the
Logitech Gaming software and actually
find out if I sit here in game will my
mouse charged or will it discharge no no
discharge doesn't have to be a gross
thing okay so let's get a baseline for
our half an hour battery test we're
looking at about 56% on the battery and
what's cool is we can use this time not
just to sit here and play video games
but also to tell you guys a little bit
more about the tech because the neatest
thing about this is that even actively
using the device we should be going back
to Windows after half an hour or even
more not just not having lost battery
because it can power the mouse but we
may even see a little bit of charge
because it can actually do it while you
are moving the mouse
this is totally different from other
wireless charging solution Logitech
actually draws some parallels to the way
that early radios worked so it's not
quite the same thing but what they had
in them was crystals that they used as
rectifiers and what they could do is
they could actually take the incoming
radio signal that would have your you
know sporting event or your war of the
worlds' or whatever I'll phone it and
they could use that not just to create
sound but also to power up the device
cool thing number two is the way that
they're handling battery management
because if you guys are familiar with
lithium-ion batteries you may already
know this having them constantly
charging can actually be really bad for
them so since the mouse has a battery
built into it what Logitech does is they
actually let it go between 80% and 95%
of charge this does a couple of things
number one is it keeps the battery
healthy and number two if it keeps it
free going so low that you wouldn't even
have the option of you know grabbing
your wireless dongle and taking your
mouse with you on the go in class or
something and that's critical because
there is a pretty extensive list of do's
and dont's that come along with a
product like this this is not your
ordinary mouse pad in fact there aren't
a lot of do's there are mostly a lot of
don't you don't want to use it on
anything other than a flat surface you
don't want to plug it into a USB hub
unless it's a powered one you want to
avoid using it on a metal or conductive
surface like if you had a metal table
for example you want to avoid putting
any metal or magnetic objects on top of
it that includes fidget spinners you'll
have to move your fitting spinner a
little over to the right or a little up
here with that said though plastic
things like CDs should be just fine you
don't want to hold on I'm going to
consult my list you don't want to fold
it that's critical because the delicate
antenna system inside here could be
extraordinarily easily broken as we know
because in my eagerness to
unbox this thing I actually managed to
break our first one I mean if you needed
any further evidence that no matter how
cool and wireless your gaming mouse is
not going to make you a better gamer
than here you go you've got this video
but that's hardly the point it's the end
of the day let's go ahead and tap out to
Windows and okay so we didn't get any
more charge using the mouse really
actively but over a period of time where
it should have gone down by about 3% we
didn't lose any either so there you have
it guys you saw it here in action
logitech power play actual wireless
charging with zero compromises other
than the price it's $100 for the
charging pad if you're a small business
owner or you're a freelancer FreshBooks
is the way to solve your accounting
problems instead of being so complicated
that you have to have a freaking degree
in accounting in order to be a drywall
or a computer repair technician
FreshBooks is built for the way you work
it lets you be more productive more
organized and get paid faster you can
create and send professional-looking
invoices in less than 30 seconds set up
online payments you can get paid on your
terms so that you can take deposits or
just get paid all at once it's totally
up to you and you can even see when the
client has seen your invoice to put an
end to the guessing games the best part
is FreshBooks comes with you on the go
so whether you're sitting down at your
computer or on your phone you have
access to the entire functionality of
their cloud-based platform so for an
unrestricted 30-day free trial go to
FreshBooks comm slash tech tips and
enter line of tech tips into how you've
heard about us section we've got a link
down below so thanks for watching guys
if you dislike this video you can hit
that button but if you liked it hit the
like button get subscribed maybe
consider checking out where to buy the
stuff we featured at the link in the
video description also down there we've
got our
our storage has cool shirts like this
one as well as our community forum which
you should totally join